Ladies and gentlemen, friends of Tennessee, by the time you see this broadcast, in all
probability Congress will have passed the labor reform bill.
In recent weeks I have received a tremendous volume of letters and telegrams on the subject
of proposed labor legislation.
When the House passed this so-called Landon Griffith Substitute to the Senate Kennedy
Irving Bill, to the Kennedy Irving Bill, my mail began to reach a peak of about 1,000
letters and telegrams each day.
I have tried to answer all of you during this time the two versions of the labor bill have
been under consideration.
And I reply to you during the time they have been under in conference has been in essence
this.
Let us give the countries a chance to come up with a bill which will correct racketeering
and corruption, where it exists in the labor movement, but will not destroy the basic rights
of millions of honest union men and women.
I believe the countries have worked hard toward that end.
The bill that came out of the conference was a great improvement over the original House
Substitute version.
And I think it's a bill that labor can live with even though many of them complain about
it.
I believe that both the Landon Griffith Bill and the Kennedy Irving Bill contained provisions
that went a long way toward eliminating racketeering and corruption, where it was existed
in the labor movement and where it was uncovered by the McClellan Committee.
And I think all American citizens were disgusted with the corruption and racketeering it was
uncovered by that committee.
But I think it should be pointed out that this was in a relatively few unions and not in
the great majority of them.
I doubt that there was ever any great disagreement between the two bills in this area of union
official responsibility and the right of union members.
Both bills had provisions for protecting funds of union members to prevent racketeering,
to prevent misuse of funds for secret ballots and for the right of union members to take
place in elections and things of that kind.
I do think there were some points in the House Bill which would have unfairly penalized
honest labor unions.
Through the earnest efforts of the countries, most of these have been eliminated and
glad to say.
If any further corrections are found to be needed in this respect, Congress will be here
early next year and can consider them and take action.
This friend has been a most difficult task for all concern.
Give you an idea of the complexity and the intricacy of labor law that is involved in
reaching a bill that will be most fair to all.
Let me show you two key documents which the countries have been struggling with for
12 grueling days.
Here's the Landham Griffith Bill, technical 137 pages which really takes a fuller
death for you to understand.
Here's the Kennedy Irving Bill which the Senate debated and considered for nine days
and many, many nights.
Very intricate.
Now out of these came the conference bill which I felt is fair which may have some provisions
that need to be corrected.
Everybody is not going to be satisfied with every provision in it but Senator Kennedy
and Senator Goldwater.
All of the countries except one said this was the best that they could do.
I think the country wanted a labor bill.
I think the union members want protection against any unfair practices.
I think the purity of our union effort is of great importance and I'm glad that a bill
has it long last been reported which will do a great deal to straighten out some situations
in which I can support.
I'm very sorry to report also that the public works bill was vetoed by the which was vetoed
by the President.
It was not overwritten in the effort in the House it missed by one vote.
This included the West Tennessee tributaries and the Wolf River Project and Memphis.
I hope we can get these in any other bill that's passed.
That's all for now and thank you until next week.